Add new content and slight restructure (#4556)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/product/design/surfacing_design_needs/index.md

# Surfacing design needs

Product design at Sourcegraph is low-process and highly collaborative. Most design needs are defined in the context of cross-disciplinary project teams, where the team works together across discovery and delivery phases, or in consulting design efforts, where a designer supports and unblocks engineering teams without an embedded designer. These design needs are **intrinsically** driven.

> From time to time, we need to surface **extrinsic** design needs. This happens when someone spots something outside of the context of immediate design efforts that would benefit from some future attention from the product design team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From time to time, we need to surface **extrinsic** design needs. This happens when someone spots something outside of the context of immediate design efforts but would benefit from some future attention from the product design team.
```

To surface something for the product design team:

- On Slack, tag the team with `@design-team` or post in `#design`

> - On GitHub, add the label `team/product-design`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- On GitHub, add the label `needs-design` [TODO: add a link to GitHub Design Board and labels)
```
